[SLS-1361] Use DD_XXX env vars for tagging (#100)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: README.md

| `env` | `env` | When set along with `extensionLayerVersion`, a `DD_ENV` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, an `env` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |
| `service` | `service` | When set along with `extensionLayerVersion`, a `DD_SERVICE` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, a `service` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |
| `version` | `version` | When set along with `extensionLayerVersion`, a `DD_VERSION` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, a `version` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |
| `tags` | `tags` | A comma separated list of key:value pairs as a single string. When set along with `extensionLayerVersion`, a `DD_TAGS` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, the cdk parses the string and sets each key:value pair as a tag to all Lambda functions. |

> Note: env, service, version, and tags will override function level DD_XXX environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: `env`, `service`, `version`, and `tags` override function level `DD_XXX` environment variables.
```

The Datadog CDK construct takes in a list of lambda functions and installs the Datadog Lambda Library by attaching the Lambda Layers for [Node.js][2] and [Python][1] to your functions. It redirects to a replacement handler that initializes the Lambda Library without any required code changes. Additional configurations added to the Datadog CDK construct will also translate into their respective environment variables under each lambda function (if applicable / required).

> While Lambda function based log groups are handled by the `addLambdaFunctions` method automatically, the construct has an additional function `addForwarderToNonLambdaLogGroups` which will subscribe the forwarder to any additional log groups of your choosing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Lambda function based log groups are handled by the `addLambdaFunctions` method automatically, the construct has an additional function `addForwarderToNonLambdaLogGroups` which subscribes the forwarder to any additional log groups of your choosing.
```
